# Dendritic-Discrimination-of-Temporal-Input-Sequences

In integrating synaptic inputs and determining the extent to which action-potential output is generated, dendrites play a critical role. However, the exact computational functions performed by complex dendrites remain unclear. In *Branco T, Clark BA, Häusser M (2010) Dendritic discrimination of temporal input sequences in cortical neurons. Science.*, the authors found the sensitivity to the sequence of synaptic activation single dendrites of cortical pyramidal neurons exhibit by applying patterned, two-photon glutamate uncaging.
In this study, we tried to induce input signals with various temporal sequences into a multi-compartmental single hippocampal CA1 pyramidal neuron model. The outputs generated by the biological-constrained model were compared with results from real-life paper-based biological experiments. This study captured patterns of neuron signals between inputs and outputs of the CA1 pyramidal neuron model, thereby verifying accuracy of the model, providing a conceptual framework for dendritic computation, and approaching the question what dendrites attempt to resolve from synaptic inputs.

Note:

This repository is a project extended from https://github.com/ModelDBRepository/184054.

The ideas of this project are generated from *Branco, T., Clark, B. A., & Häusser, M. (2010). Dendritic discrimination of temporal input sequences in cortical neurons. Science (New York, N.Y.), 329(5999), 1671–1675. https://doi.org/10.1126/science.1189664*.

See the [Report](Report_Dendritic_Discrimination_of_Temporal_Input_Sequences_in_a_Single_Hippocampus_CA1_Pyramidal_Neuron_Model.pdf) for more info!